---
title: Your results are in!
date: 2008-03-30
layout: single.hbs
collection: articles
archived: true
---
True Neutral Human Fighter/Barbarian (2nd/2nd Level)
----------------------------------------------------


 Ability Scores:

Strength
:   -10

Dexterity
:   -11

Constitution
:   -15

Intelligence
:   -17

Wisdom
:   -15

Charisma
:   -14


 Alignment:

**True Neutral** A true neutral character does what seems to be a good
idea. He doesn\'t feel strongly one way or the other when it comes to
good vs. evil or law vs. chaos. Most true neutral characters exhibit a
lack of conviction or bias rather than a commitment to neutrality. Such
a character thinks of good as better than evil after all, he would
rather have good neighbors and rulers than evil ones. Still, he\'s not
personally committed to upholding good in any abstract or universal way.
Some true neutral characters, on the other hand, commit themselves
philosophically to neutrality. They see good, evil, law, and chaos as
prejudices and dangerous extremes. They advocate the middle way of
neutrality as the best, most balanced road in the long run. True neutral
is the best alignment you can be because it means you act naturally,
without prejudice or compulsion. However, true neutral can be a
dangerous alignment because it represents apathy, indifference, and a
lack of conviction.


 Race:

**Humans** are the most adaptable of the common races. Short generations
and a penchant for migration and conquest have made them physically
diverse as well. Humans are often unorthodox in their dress, sporting
unusual hairstyles, fanciful clothes, tattoos, and the like.


 Primary Class:

**Fighters** can be many things, from soldiers to criminal enforcers.
Some see adventure as a way to get rich, while others use their skills
to protect the innocent. Fighters have the best all-around fighting
capabilities of the PC classes, and they are trained to use all standard
weapons and armor. A fighter\'s rigorous martial training grants him
many bonus feats as he progresses, and high-level fighters have access
to special melee maneuvers and exotic weapons not available to any other
character.


 Secondary Class:

**Barbarians** are brave, even reckless, and their warrior skills make
them well suited to adventure. Instead of training and discipline,
barbarians have a powerful rage that makes them stronger, tougher, and
better able to withstand attacks. They only have the energy for a few
such displays per day, but it is usually sufficient. Constant exposure
to danger has also given barbarians a sort of \'sixth sense,\' the
preternatural ability to sense danger and dodge attacks, and their
running stamina is legendary.

Find out [What Kind of Dungeons and Dragons Character Would You
Be?](http://www.easydamus.com/character.html), courtesy of Easydamus
[(e-mail)](mailto:zybstrski@excite.com)